# Repository for ``Tagged for Direction: Pinning Down Causal Edge Directions with Precision``

This is the reposity for the corresponding paper.

We also use some code from the code repository on typing causality (https://github.com/ServiceNow/typed-dag), licensed under the Apache License 2.0.

We provide a docker container for the easy setup and replication of experiments. The Dockerfile can be found at `.docker/Dockerfile`.  
Optionally, we provide a devcontainer at `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` for connecting with Visual Studio Code.

### Main Evaluation

Data for the main evaluation can be generation with a single call to `data/bnlearn_data.py`.

The main evaluation can be run by executing `run_eval.sh`.
Results are stored under the `results/` folder. The resulting tables from the paper can then be generated by running `results_eval.py`
to directly generate latex code. (Set `paper_table` to switch between different results).

### Ablation Experiments

All ablation experiments can be run by executing `run_ablation.sh`.
All plots and tables used in the paper can then be generated by running `ablation_collect.py`.

### Homogeneity Analysis

The homogeneity analysis of ground truth graphs and the plotting of results is integrated with a single call to `homogenity_eval.py`.

**General Information:** The internal method called `tag_pc_0_on_ges` contains the term `pc' for historic reasons but does not utilize PC results in any way. The approach is applied purely to the resulting CPDAG of GES.
